THE MAGIC BOX (programming)

It is well known at Palantir that the Director of Engineering, Khan, is a very skilled engineer. What is much less known is that he's also a skilled ninja, wizard, and genie. Khan has used his impressive wizarding power to create a magic box locked with an M by N grid of two wizarding symbols that look suspiciously like the letters "P" & "T", the initials of Khan's favorite company. The box can only be unlocked by a given person once in that person's lifetime.

Khan has infused the box with his genie powers so that it grants the opener a number of wishes equal to the number of rows in which all the symbols in the row are the same. Before opening the box, a person has the opportunity to flip the symbols in any number of the columns (P will become T and T will become P for each symbol in the column) in order to maximize the number of wishes they receive when opening the box.

On your first day at Palantir, Khan uses his ninja stealth to sneak up to your desk unseen and leaves the box and instructions for you. How will you decide which columns to flip in order to maximize the number of wishes granted by Khan's box? Given a description of the box as input, write a program that outputs a single number, which is the maximum number of wishes you can receive from the box. Remember that a human will be reading your code. Not only should your solution be correct and efficient, it should also be clean and easy to read!

Input Format The first line contains 2 space separated integers M and N, the number of rows and the number of columns in the box's lock. M lines follow each line containing N characters (not separated by any space) "P" or "T".

Output Format A single number representing the maximum number of wishes you can receive

Constraints 1 <= M <= 100000 1 <= N <= 500

Sample Input 5 3 TTP PTP TPP PTP TPT

Sample Output 3

Explanation Flipping column 2 yields: TPP PPP TTP PPP TTT

Giving us 3 wishes. If we try to get the first row to match instead, we have to either flip columns 1 and 2 or only column 3, and this gives us only 1 wish. If we want to get row 3 to match, we'd have to either flip column 1 or columns 2 and 3, again granting only 1 wish.